hey guys Asher from c4 attack and in
this video I'll be showing you how to
flash a custom recovery on to your Sony
Xperia z1 this is applicable to all
variants of the Sony Xperia z1 so the
prerequisite here is that your
bootloader needs to be unlocked so if
you haven't done that already
you can check out my tutorial on how to
get your bootloader unlocked you can
find a link to that tutorials right
below the like button in the description
so guys right now the first thing you do
is on your Xperia z1 quickly go into
settings about phone and check out your
Android version ok and also check our
tip by the number so as you can see my
build number ends in dot two nine zero
so that's right now click on link one
from the download section in the
description that will take you to this
thread on XDA Developers forums so oh
yea just scroll down and you can see
that the version that you need to use
for the firmware you have so mine ends
in dot two nine zero so I can use vo for
ovo five so let's choose the latest one
that's vo five and download it so here
is doom kernel vo 5 so click on it so
guys say for example you have dot five
three four
you cannot flash vo 5 of your vo four it
will cause endless boot loops so just
make sure that you flash the kernel
relevant to your firmware or if you
wanna upgrade you can do that upgrade to
the latest firmware and then flash it I
have a tutorial on how to do that as
well I leave it direct link to that
right below the like button too so right
now let's download this to Xperia z1 so
guys I've downloaded doom calm vo 5 I'm
downloading it right now clicking on
link to from the download section in the
description will get you this file
fastboot with Android USB so right click
on it extract it clicking on link 3 will
get you flash tool driver
so go ahead install this so over here
just scroll down make sure flash mode
and passport drivers are installed so
guys if you're in Windows 8 or Windows
8.1 you might see a red X over here and
saying status failed in that case
quickly slide over select settings
change PC settings update and recovery
recovery restart now
so now select troubleshoot Advanced
Options startup settings and hit restart
so once your PC boots back up make sure
you hit number seven disable driver
signature enforcement so guys once
you're back up make sure you reinstall
flashtool drivers and this time it will
get installed so guys right now go ahead
backup everything on your Xperia z1 we
will not be losing apps and data but
still it's always better to be safe so
back it up turn off your phone so once
your Xperia Z is off hold up volume and
plug in the USB cable alright so right
now head on over to the fastboot folder
hold shift right click and hit open
command here command window here so over
here type in fastboot devices and you
will see some something like this show
up if you don't see anything if it just
the comment from just returns back it
means you don't have your drivers set up
properly so go ahead get your drivers
set up what you probably have to do is
hold Windows key and X that's Windows
key + X hit device manager and over here
find out your Android device right click
update driver software browse and let me
pick and make sure you choose the
fastboot interface okay this will show
up as long as you have installed the
drivers like I showed earlier alright so
once that's done right now go back so
now right click on doom kernel and
extract here so you get a boot file over
here just copy it go into fastboot
paste it so now open up and go back to
command prompt type in fastboot flash
boot boot dot IMG and hit enter once
it's done hit fastboot reboot and hit
enter so now if your Xperia z1 will
reboot so it will take a few minutes
just wait for it you'll see the doom
kernel logo so guys we are up here so we
will have a custom recovery and just to
show you that let me flash supersu dot
zip from recovery so and in case you're
not rooted right now you just have an
unlocked bootloader with a custom
recovery you can also follow this link
for will take you to this page on XDA
Developers forums so from here just
click this and hit download update it
supersu so save it copy it paste it
anywhere on your Xperia z1 so now let's
quickly go back to the Xperia z1 so guys
on your Xperia z1 I'm sorry just turn it
off so guys once your phone is off just
turn it on once you see boom kernel
display it just tap up keep tapping up
this will put you into your custom
recovery so scroll the volume keys will
double for navigation power keifa
selection so select Install zip choose
app from SD 0 slash and select update
supersu hit yes install that's done so
now go back reboot system now alright
guys we're up so just to show you we
have super soon of and the custom
recovery seems to be working fine so I
guess that's pretty much it for this
video on how to flash a custom recovery
on to your Sony Xperia z1 so hope you
guys found this video useful if you did
make sure you hit the subscribe button
and also give this video a thumbs up so
once again that's pretty much it guys
thanks a lot for watching and I'll catch
you guys soon in the next one 2
then this is a show from c40 tech
signing off do you guys have a great day
bye bye now
you